feat: update external approval, manually trigger (#690)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/administration/webhook-integration/external-approval.md

1. Go to Bytebase Settings, click on IM Integration.
1. Fill in Application ID and Secret from the previous section. Click on Enable and Create button.

## How to Use

### UI workflow

> The issue creator needs to click on the bell button near the assignee to send the Feishu approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue creator needs to click on the bell button near the assignee to send the Feishu approval request.
```

![issue detail page with the bell icon near the assignee highlighted](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-bell.webp)

### GitOps workflow

> The Feishu approval is sent automatically.

Reviewer: automatically when?

> The Feishu approval is sent automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
The Feishu approval is sent automatically when we arrive at a new stage or either of the assignee and the SQL statement has changed.
```

> The Feishu approval is sent automatically when we arrive at a new stage or either of the assignee and the SQL statement has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Feishu approval is sent automatically when either of the following happens:
- Arrive at a new stage.
- Assignee has changed.
- SQL statement has changed.
```

Reviewer: Be clear, then shorten. Not the other way around.

1. Go to Bytebase Settings, click on IM Integration.
1. Fill in Application ID and Secret from the previous section. Click on Enable and Create button.

## How to Use

### UI workflow

The issue creator needs to click on the bell button near the assignee to send the Feishu approval request.

![issue detail page with the bell icon near the assignee highlighted](/static/docs/external-approval-feishu-bell.webp)

### GitOps workflow

The Feishu approval is sent automatically when either of the following happens:

> - Arrive at a new stage.
> - Assignee has changed.
> - SQL statement has changed.

Author: ```suggestion
- Issue arrives at a new stage.
- Issue assignee has changed.
- Task SQL statement has changed.
```
